Feat support continue training (#668)
jina-ai/finetuner: docs/walkthrough/run-job.md

3. FINISHED: the job finished successfully, model has been sent to Jina AI Cloud.
4. FAILED: the job failed, please check the logs for more details.

## Continue training on new data

Finetuner also supports continuing training a model produced by a previous fine-tuning run.
If you have additional data which you want to use to further train a model, you can do this by passing its artifact id to the fit function:

```python
train_data = 'path/to/another/data.csv'

run2 = finetuner.fit(

>     model='efficientnet_b0',

Reviewer: do we still need the `model`?

Reviewer: okay now i see the hint, do i understand correly that the `model` type must be identical to `artifact` model type?

Author: We need the model name to detect the task, so the task they are used for must be equal, so basically yes. If you use a docarray dataset, it probably does not matter

    train_data=train_data,
    model_artifact=run.artifact_id,
)
print(f'Run name: {run2.name}')
print(f'Run status: {run2.status()}')
```

```{admonition} Continue training requires a model parameter 

> :class: hint
> When you want to continue training, you still need to provide the `model` parameter
> beside the `model_artifact` parameter for Finetuner to correctly configure the new run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:class: hint
When you want to continue training, you still need to provide the `model` parameter
as well as the `model_artifact` parameter for Finetuner to correctly configure the new run.
```

> :class: hint
> When you want to continue training, you still need to provide the `model` parameter
> beside the `model_artifact` parameter for Finetuner to correctly configure the new run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:class: hint
When you want to continue training, you still need to provide the `model` parameter
as well as the `model_artifact` parameter for Finetuner to correctly configure the new run.
```
